In this module, you learned about two ways of creating a component dynamically.
The simpler approach is by using ngIf and as I mentioned already,
I recommend using that approach as often as possible.
If you have no strong reason for managing this in code, for example you're creating a third-party library
and want to give users of your library an in-code
way of showing an alert, that would be a good reason
but if you have no strong reason, definitely consider this,
it's way easier and Angular does all the heavy lifting for us
and remember, this doesn't render anything in the DOM
if this condition here is false, so you're also not cluttering your DOM with unused or unnecessary content,
so strongly consider using ngIf.
But if you got another use case or you absolutely just want to do it programmatically,
this is how you do it.
You create your own component factory and then you use a view container reference, which you can get
access to with the help of a helper directive for example, you use that to then dynamically create and
render your component with the help of Angular. Important for that approach is that any component you
are rendering like this needs to be added to the entry components array in your module, in your
NgModule,
otherwise you will get an error. Now these are the two different approaches,
I hope this helps you with your future projects.